I'm always talking about how you should
get mentioned in your audience's sources
of influence and look here we have a
great example uh this AI design reviewer
which is a figma plugin was mentioned in
this relatively popular product design
newsletter in fact it's in spark Toro's
list of you know things that are
influential in this particular field and
why why might it be that if you're
getting mentioned in this in this
newsletter why would it be that you
wouldn't see huge impactful results like
lot of people going and clicking on the
link and checking you out and all that
kind of stuff well Brit Clon here uh who
I'm a big fan of Brit is a PR specialist
she helps people get into their audien's
sources of
influence and she is noting one of the
biggest problems that I see and one of
the biggest reasons I think this tactic
is underinvested in which is a spot on
the Today's Show a feature in Forbes a
top podcast appearance that will not
make an overnight difference what we are
talking about here what I'm talk about
what Brit is talking about what anybody
in PR or sources of influence or
marketing at all will tell you is you
cannot expect one thing one big feature
in exactly the right place at exactly
the right time with exactly the right
messaging to suddenly blow up your whole
you know analytics and send you all the
right traffic that's not how any of this
works for Spar Toro it's not how it
works like we we've never been mentioned
in one place and then suddenly tons of
people came to us no what happens is you
know if you're looking at at a search
keyword like AI prototyping there's all
these different sources of affinity
right all of these high Affinity
websites and um YouTube channels in
subreddits and uh you know podcasts all
this kind of stuff and if you are
consistently mentioned time after time
again and again in these places 10 15 20
30 times so that when anyone's Journey
with you know AI
prototyping uh starts they find you
through Google they find you through the
places they're paying attention to they
find you through sure substacks as well
that's when things really change that's
when you have real impact it is a bunch
of these things it is not one of these
things and look I think Brit just has a
ton of wisdom here and and she mentions
this podcast guest Beth who was talking
about the same thing don't get confused
and think one mention equals success or
that you can look at a mention or a
handful and say that didn't work
therefore we shouldn't invest that's not
how it works you need to have those
multiple touches over time in all the
sources of influence in order to have
real lasting impact but when you do it
is transformative